Return codes (#350)
pmix/pmix-standard: Chap_API_NonReserved_Keys.tex

\argin{value}{Reference to a \refstruct{pmix_value_t} structure (handle)}
\end{arglist}

\returnstart

> \begin{constantdesc}
> \item \refconst{PMIX_ERR_BAD_PARAM} indicating a reserved key is provided in the \refarg{key} argument.
> \end{constantdesc}
> \returnend

Reviewer: Change list type for consistency.
```suggestion
\begin{itemize}
\item \refconst{PMIX_ERR_BAD_PARAM} indicating a reserved key is provided in the \refarg{key} argument.
\end{itemize}
\returnend
```

\argin{val}{Value to store (handle)}
\end{arglist}

\returnstart

> \begin{constantdesc}
> \item \refconst{PMIX_ERR_BAD_PARAM} indicating a reserved key is provided in the \refarg{key} argument.
> \end{constantdesc}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{itemize}
\item \refconst{PMIX_ERR_BAD_PARAM} indicating a reserved key is provided in the \refarg{key} argument.
\end{itemize}
\returnend
```
